Java: Model Spring reactive `WebClient.uri` as a request forgery sink (#22132)
github/codeql: java/ql/lib/change-notes/2026-06-30-spring-webclient-uri-ssrf.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * The `uri` method of Spring's reactive `WebClient` is now considered a request forgery sink. Previously only the `create` and `baseUrl` methods were considered. This may lead to more alerts for the query `java/ssrf` (Server-side request forgery).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The first argument of the `uri` method of `WebClient$UriSpec` in `org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client` is now considered a request forgery sink. Previously only the first arguments of the `WebClient.create` and `WebClient$Builder.baseUrl` methods were considered. This may lead to more alerts for the query `java/ssrf` (Server-side request forgery).
```
